well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today we're going to talk
about the economy
and letters and the american dream
right okay
so ever since all this started
since the very beginning economists have
been talking about the recovery and what
it was going to look like and they kept
throwing out letters
it's going to be a v shape a w shape a u
shape
and now they're throwing out k shaped
that's bad okay if you're watching this
that's probably bad for you
um
so this isn't a biden talking point
economists have been talking about this
since
at least august this isn't something new
that biden just made up
it's been around a v
shape is it looks like a v the chart
looks like a v
there's a sharp decline and then a sharp
recovery that's best case scenario
a w is when there's a sharp decline
a little bit of a recovery that's sharp
another sharp decline and then it goes
back up
it looks like a w a u is when it drops
and it stays low for a while and then it
comes back up
ak is when different
sectors of the economy perform
differently
and that appears to be what's happening
this is why there is a disconnect
between the president's talking points
and what everybody's seeing you know the
president and his buddies are up there
going
the economy is doing great and everybody
down here on the bottom's like what are
you talking about
it's really not this is why
so the sector of the economy that is
going up that is making that
up part of the k that's like tech stocks
real estate
stuff like that stuff the president and
his friends are invested in
i think that's happenstance i don't
think that there's any uh
for once i don't think there's actually
any like corruption there
i think that's just luck in this case
so that part of the economy is going up
and that's what they're paying attention
to
the overall stock market and
most of the stock market is going up
just due to a few sectors
the down part of the k the part of the k
that's headed down
that's like service industries
hospitality stuff that employs hourly
workers
that's why we're down here going what
are you talking about no it's not
getting better it's actually kind of
seems like it's getting worse
so this is the reason for the disconnect
now
the worrisome part about this is not
just that it's going to get a little
worse before it gets better
it's that it's going to increase
income inequality in this country in the
wealth gap
the sectors of the economy that are
headed up
when you look at the stocks and all of
this stuff the top 1
of the us they own 50 of what's headed
up
the the part of the economy that's
getting better has nothing to do with
you and me
it's not really helping us
so they're making money while everybody
else is losing money
that means that they can further their
economic empires mom and pop stores will
go out of business
large retail chains will reap the
benefits
yeah this is all bad this is all bad
and we are unlikely to get any relief
because the trump administration
is very set on painting the economy as
in full recovery
if they produce any form of relief
to help those on the bottom they have to
admit that it's not
so that seems unlikely that doesn't seem
like something that's going to happen
the big question everybody's asking is
is this trump's fault
i don't necessarily think it's his fault
he certainly didn't help it though if
you look at the
industries that are falling
they're all industries that had to stay
closed for prolonged periods
they had to stay closed for prolonged
periods because there was no unified
response
we couldn't do what other countries did
because we didn't have the leadership
there was this piecemeal response
response that
is a byproduct of the trump
administration's lack of action
so he definitely didn't help
but i don't think it's fair to say he
caused it
i think that this to some degree was
going to happen anyway
um the service industries and those that
are dealing face-to-face with people
they were going to get hit harder than
tech industries
obviously so
i don't think it's fair to blame him
however it's worth noting
again that we're not going to get any
relief
under this president because this
president is very invested
in convincing his base that the
economy's fine
don't believe your eyes don't believe
your ears believe me and believe this
chart that i'm gonna show you i'm doing
okay
therefore you need to pretend you are
too
at the end of the day this is going to
set a lot of people back they're not
going to find that pot of gold at the
end of the rainbow the american dream
will get further and further away
because those at the top are going to be
exploiting this economy
those on the bottom will be bought by
those on the top
is there a way out of this maybe
are we likely to see it with this senate
and house
and president probably not probably not
because it's not impacting them really
so it's probably time for those who are
working class
to get comfortable with the situation at
hand
and start making whatever moves you can
to be as comfortable as you can as we
ride it out
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day